Hahaha Chairperson Dong
Chairperson, what's the matter?
That chairperson
The young master and his men suddenly disappeared
Pardon me?
Who ate a leopard?
Dare to break ground on Tai Sui
Let Li Hui bring him back to me
Dare to touch my son
I picked his nose, yeah?
fuck
Zhao Kai
This feeling of kneeling on the ground and being humiliated
Have to suffer the humiliation today
This young master will make you pay the price
It's not bad to talk about death
Don't honestly lick the shoes for the uncle
The great event of the Zhao family actually knelt on the ground and was spread by others
Why are you more obedient than a dog?
Oh, cut the crap.
Give me the phone
Who made you wipe it with your hands?
Wipe me with words
Stinky woman, how dare you play with me
This beast is endless for you.